# Reading

From the reading, I learned that there several way of reviewing peoples code. I personally have tried email thread process when I was undergoing my undergraduate in Biology. We will write 20 pages paper and laboriously read each other's paper. I can see that there are huge draw back as you are so tired of writing code so much reading other's code and having it in your face will exhaust you out. From the reading, I really liked "over-the-shoulder" way of reviewing peer's code, as it can be informal and also understand right away what the coder is trying to convey in the code and make adjustment immediately. I personally do agree with draw back of peer review in terms of how each person has different style of coding and it is very subjective when both code does work. It's hard to determine then at that point which side is right way to do it. I do question of writer's way of explaining the unbiase way of reviewing other's code as if you are asking your friend or peer who knows you, they will most likely agree with what you write. This is more applicable in our class as cohort that are learning from Amanda will most likely mimic her code and her teaching style, so having a biase is inherent behavior. Most likely to prevent this, you will need to send your code to someone who doesn't know you which then have higher chance of having different style of coding thus raising another flag. Hence, I think it is extremely difficult to achieve unbiase process when reviewing other's code.

For Peer-review, I would like to review `Application Roles seeded into the Database`. 

As for discretion, I wouldn't share writer's code but will explain thoroughly to cover the ground.

Code is very readable and resembles closely to what we were taught in class. The author have seeded the data and used in effectively in the application so that it limits normal user from accessing pages that they don't have authority of. The name of the authority is very clear and concise. 
The code is applied different places, first, it is applied in `ApplicationUser` class which describes three roles (members, admin and dev) that one can have.
Then the role initializer class carries blueprint of each roles and how it is added to the database only when it is not in the database. Thereafter, `startup` class applies logic of adding a policy and seeding the role initializer class. This ensures that roles are added to the database and the logic in the `roleinitializer` class limit adding duplicate roles.
These code blocks are important as we can use it to limit user from accessing admin page to erase or change our product and only allows admin to have that privileges.
Looking though the code it is well written, and it is not causing any bug. Only concern is that in the `registeration.cshtml.cs` has hardcoded email's that concerns me about security, but other options weren't available so it is understandable. I really like that author have rewritten all of the code blocks instead of copying from the lecture and written very well with bug-free. I think I would've done the same as other option is not available and I think author has done a great job. 
